Adding basic example (#886)
OctopusDeploy/docs: docs/octopus-rest-api/octopus-cli/prevent-releaseprogression.md

                             fatal. Defaults to 'debug'.
```

## Basic example

> This example will prevent release 1.0.0.0 of WingtipToys from being deployed to the next environment

Reviewer: ```suggestion

This example prevents release 1.0.0.0 of WingtipToys from being deployed to the next environment:
```
